 HTML5 Semantic Elements


 Which of the following tag represents an independent piece of content of a document in HTML5? -- article

 What happens if you view a new HTML5 form input type in an older browser --  It reverts to standard text input

 Which of the following input control represents a date (year, month, day) encoded according to ISO 8601 in Web Form 2.0? -- date

 What is the HTML5 Stack? -- HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript

What is the recommended method to detect browser compatibility for features -- use modernizr

Which HTML5 tag would you use to define footer? -- footer

Which Semantic element is best suitable for content like blog post that is self contained, independent and can be republished? -- article

Which of the following tags represents a section of document used for navigation? -- nav

Which of the following tags are no longer valid in HTML5? - align

Which of the following attribute triggers events when a form changes? -- onformchange

What are the new form elements introduced in HTML5 --- datalist,keygen, output

HTML5 audio tag has a number of attributes to control the look and feel and various functionalities of the audio player. Which of the following is not an attribute of HTML5 audio element? -- stop

Which attribute of the video tag specifies an image to be shown while the video is downloading? -- poster

How do you embed a video player using -- iframe

The controls attribute adds audio/video controls like PLAY, PAUSE and VOLUME - true

Audio element can be programmatically controlled from -- javascript

SVG is mostly useful for vector type diagrams like -- Charts and 2D Graphs

Which of the following is not true about SVG graphics?-- Graphics in SVG are defined using Java script

Scalable Vector Graphics are defined in which markup language? -- xml

How do you place a canvas element with an ID of canvas1 into a JavaScript variable? -- var canvas1 = document.getElementById('canvas1');

Which of the following is not true about Canvas? -- Each shape in Canvas is looked at as an object

Which of the following is true about 'canvas' tag in HTML5? (I) Easy way to draw graphics using JavaScript (II) Can be use to make Animations --- I & II

Which is best suited for applications with large rendering areas e.g.: Google maps? -- svg

Websites can store data on users computer using Web Storage. How is Web Storage different from Cookies? -- all

Which API can be used to display thumbnail image of a file being uploaded in a HTML5 Photo sharing website? -- File API

Which of the following statements about Modernizer is true? -- It detects which features the browser supports

Data from Web Storage is sent to server with every request, giving a big advantage compared to Cookies. -- false

Application Cache enables -- all 

Which for the following API's can be used to suggest near by restaurants in a restaurant finder app? -- geolocation api

Which of the following is not a localStorage function? --getElementbyID()

Web Apps can start faster and work even if there is no internet connection when you use --- app cache

Which of the following new features of HTML5 can be used for long running tasks? -- web workers


Which relies on proprietary technology that is not open source? --- flash

Is HTML5 Backward Compatible -true

Which of the following is not suited for game applications? -svg

Semantic HTML5 elements allows data to be shared and reused across applications, enterprises, and communities. -- true

Which of the following attribute triggers event when an element is dragged? --ondrag

Which of the following is the major enhancement in HTML5 when compared to HTML4? -- all

Are HTML5 tags case sensitive - no

Which of the following input control represents a date consisting of a year and a week number encoded according to ISO 8601 in Web Form 2.0? -- week

Which of the following attribute specifies whether or not a user is allowed to drag an element? -draggable



