Intuitive Visualization Basics

Data Visualization makes complex data more ____. -- understandable

How does visualization of big data help in interpreting information? -- Presents the data in a clear and coherent way.

What needs to be considered first before you start a data visualization presentation? -- data u r using

What is the purpose of using a dashboard for data visualization? -- Communicate the information clearly and concisely.


While at a party you notice a group of people in the crowd headed in the same direction. Your tendency to group them is due to -- law of comon fate

Which law of Gestalt psychology explains individual's ability to perceive objects as shapes, letters, pictures, etc. as being whole while they are not?  -- law of closure

Which type of visual aspect could be considered ineffective or not very accurate at conveying quantitative or ordinal data? -- shapes

As per Edward Tufte, good visualizations strive towards -- encouraging viewers to draw comparisons.

Which chart displays data as a collection of points, each having one variable determining the position on the horizontal axis and other variable determining the position on the vertical axis? -- scatter plot

A bar graph is used to represent which type of data? - discrete

What type of chart can be used to place some emphasis on any trends in the data visualization presentation? -- line

When using a Bar Chart, the data values are represented by? -- length

What differentiates histogram from a bar chart? -- gap

Which of the following is powerful visualization technique for illustrating hierarchical data and part-to-whole relationships? -- tree map

A Manufacturing company wants to view the performance of various plants based on Throughput, Wastage, Returns, Downtime and Manufacturing Cost per Unit. Which chart would be the best for this? -- parallel

Interactivity in Visualizations enables users to -- find answers

Which map is a two-dimensional representation of data in which values are represented by colors? -- heat map

Which of the following cannot be a geo-dimension? -- mobile number


-------------------

How is data visualization used? -- Communicate information to a diverse audience.

In which chart type quantitative data is displayed graphically and the area between axis and line are emphasized with colors, textures and hatchings? -- area chart

Which of these can be used to display data graphically? -- tables*

A histogram is used for which type of data? - continuous

What method of data representation is best suited to the demonstration of data results if that data is of differing nominal values and needs to represent quantitative data on different axes? -- bar chart *
cir

Which one of these is not a data visualization tool? -- eclipse

What is the minimum requirement to form a bar chart? -- 1 Measure and 1 dimension

Why is text added to a data visualization presentation? -- To explain the data*

The axis-plot/ map on which the data is to be visualized or indicated, like the axis used in plotting line graph, what is the angle between the adjacent axes? -- 90 degree

In project, % compliance to SLAs metric is effected by factors like inflow of tickets, # of interfaces, skill levels, etc. To define the relationship between % compliance to SLAs and inflow of tickets, which plot is best? -- normal probability*

A histogram is a graphical representation of the distribution of data. It is an estimate of the _________ of a continuous variable -- probablity distribution

Which Gestalt law explains individuals ability to mentally grouping items by color, texture, size or shape? -- law of similarity

In a Pie Chart, _____ is used to represent data. -- circumference* volume* sectors

Representation of information in a graphic format to make the data easily understandable at a glance is known as? -- infographic

Which chart displays information as a series of data points called 'markers' connected by straight line segments? -- line chart

The tendency to treat lines as if they continue is called -- Law of Continuity




